chore (proof-mpc): re-implement init event handling & structure for the proof MPC flow (#244)
dwallet-labs/dwallet-network: crates/pera-framework/docs/pera-system/proof.md

---
title: Module `0x3::proof`
---

The proof module

> Responsible to start and manage the Proof generation MPC flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Responsible for starting and managing the Proof generation for the MPC flow.
```

> Used only for testing the way we launch & manage an MPC flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used only for testing launching & managing an MPC flow.
```
